when our onion is transparent
and peppers chins or
soft peppers let's add
our garlic I run or our dog
let's mix a good time
and then we will add the
chopped mushrooms
we mix another couple of minutes
and we put a little salt to go
giving flavor and fair
then mix for 10 minutes
and we proceed to cover
then add the zucchini and
chopped carrots and mix in
enveloping form so that we do not leave
lets vote
after that we are going to cover again
for a few more minutes
After the minutes we will place the
chopped tomatoes
and we mix again in
envelope
after a while covered
we see that it has exhausted its juice
We'll let the vegetables
dressings are cooked in their juices for about
5 minutes
we adjust the salt again
we have always maintained the fire
medium-high in all the preparation
we mix in an enveloping way
here we made the chicken breasts with a
little garlic onion porro and ample let's go
to crumble it with two cutlery
and when they're ready, we're going to
add to our dressings and vegetables
that we already had cooked
that are on fire
add the shredded breasts and
let's mix in an enveloping way
also so that it goes uniting what
is below with the above and go
mixing the flavors
after we mix very well
let's add our coloring
yellow that this is optional if you do not
like no problem do not put it on and
we are going to add the pepper
let's mix again so
envelope
we leave it a couple of minutes mixing
meanwhile we are mixing until
let's see that your juice will have consumed a
little let's try the salt as it is
and if necessary we adjust again
the salt this is the moment
after a couple of minutes of cooking
turn off and reserve
now we are going to
with the dough we will grab a mold and
we are going to put it together with a little oil
and flour
and then unrolled extended to the
dough
we are going to make the mold with the
flour
there are people who prefer to put
butter no problem as you
like
Now we place the mold on the dough and
we turn around
and we started to shape the mass of
the same faith that sticks in the mold
It is worth sticking to the mold
without leaving any gap or bubble nor
nothing will start to take off the
paper
very carefully that we are not going to
come the dough
and what we are completely be
some opening or something we cover it with
the little fingers
Now let's remove excess
or the leftover mass
with a knife
I am using a mass that is
flame mass breeze that you get in the
supermarkets here in Spain
we prick it with a fork so it does not
we are going to Bombara in the oven
you can also put some chickpeas
so that you do not like what I'm gonna do
so you do not get up and take it
Baked for about 15 minutes 10 minutes
the pre cook and take it out of the oven
after 10 minutes and we're going to
add our prepared chicken the
let's fill with this delicious
chicken prepared in this way
until all is well covered until
above
then we are going to extend the second
package of mass breeze
thus
and we proceed to
and remove the tissue paper
and has already removed the plant paper
We cut by the knife again
everything we have left over, do not go bouncing
mass and will be used for
decor
and so you should stay
the cake being raw
with a rolling pin we are going to stretch the dough
that has left us
and we're going to make eight strips of 1
centimeter for our decoration
We are going to weave the strips so that
we stay like this and decorate it
with rositas corazoncitos as more you
like we take it to the oven for 35 to 40
minutes when golden brown and the
I remove and so we have not left him
put egg above because I do not
like but you can add egg
that's how our piece of cake looks
good chicken if you liked
click here below subscribe give it like
and visit our blog thanks